welcome to your mom's house
Kairo seijuro wasn't looking for trouble
on the light rail that night the trouble
certainly found him when that fight
broke out he was ready for it with his
trusty katana the fight had been going
on for about 20 minutes
two-on-one
none of them saw Kairos seijuro move
around behind them to them they probably
thought I was just moving out of the way
but I was actually setting up to wear
their blind spot was the sad truth is is
that they weren't even the sword Kaito
said udall challenger this is about what
you saw on the train it's folded
tempered and it does its job
it says the three men on the train are
lucky they ran I already had a full full
five-stage plan ready to take care a
five-state look I love this the brim of
the Hat that's what's sad he's out of
his fucking minds guys completely crazy
memory those guys in New York City in
the 80s the Angels were they called and
they would they would fight crime on
fucking subways and shit yeah what were
they called not the Blue Angels oh no
come on man angels are pilots I know I
got to look it up it's killing me
there's a group of nerds in the 80s and
they would be on subways and they see
stuff happen and they would fight crime
that's what this guy does this guy
though there's a lot of fucking basement
time in this guy of course he's a nerd
yeah but we'll let him okay let's let a
talk I know Whannell and anybody else
who got involved just in case that's
just the way I do things there's a
little pull standing between him and
there and there's him him him if he had
gone on me I was planning to go and
completely brought the sword down and
then completely cut it completely gape
him open my family couldn't handle me I
had a surprisingly strange finish my
family couldn't handle crazy sharp
objects particularly kitchen knives when
I was a kid so we traded in the knives
for a lifetime of studying the sword the
katana goes with him everywhere actually
carry this because I become a little bit
more dangerous than without it and with
it
so it's more of a restraint mechanism
been a safety blanket I love this guy
you understand what he just said the end
he's more dangerous without it yeah it's
a restraint yeah but it's keeping him
from being as dangerous as he truly is
mind
but let's be honest not it's all in his
mind of course in his mind it's mine
he's a superhero dude I love it yeah
he's I love this but couldn't you see
him dating that older lady yes that is
the kind of guy that that sense with
he's like a nice do-gooder a crime
fighter
yeah please remind me my guys what is
the thing that I'm thinking of it's not
the Blue Angels what are you looking at
what what and he's these group of nerds
and they won't they would wear uniforms
and they'd like police New York City
okay the the red the Blue Angels
something like that fuck man you're too
young the guardian angel guardian angels
yes
guardian angels that guy needs to be a
guardian angel I think he is yeah he
already is I love him he's a
sword-wielding guardian angel he just
watches too many japanimation shows and
then he thinks he's like a japanimation
character yeah he really does think he
is yeah yeah no aunty I love me some
vigilantism wait do you think those they
didn't play the footage of the black
guys freaking out though no no really
freaked out how they got a sword
okay mr. sword he got his sword they
don't do that I don't think it would be
so composed yeah I think that people
like that how would they do how those
black guys say some shit if they saw a
white kid with a sword I think oh shit
is exactly what happened yeah I think it
would be like fighting me like shit
like that and then just run out yeah
now see okay oh no that's people
watching a clip people on the train
right that's a spectator not the actual
yeah yeah oh you shit your pants if
you're gonna fight and then a guy goes
that fucking sword yeah oh man why does
that guy cuz even in his recap to the
news people he was like and I was gonna
go like this and then slice him open
like that dude was ready to kill people
on the train hey hey number one
good for I love it yeah I mean look I
fucking seen people fighting and shit in
public school there's nothing scarier
then a dog pile of people just punching
each other good yeah good yes where the
fuck was the sword guy when I was
getting my ass kicked in junior high
that's what I want to know because I be
good